This project is about a data analysis and model building for predicting the severity of car accidents in Seattle.

1.Local government may be interested in the results, procceding with some kind of signs in specific places that warn drivers in case there is of high probability of an accident.
2.Some application software firm may be interested in the results, in order to create a devive along with an application which drivers can use in their vehicles. This device will
  do the same job, as aforementioned.

The model is built hoping to reduce car accidents by predicting when they are likely to happen and in what 'severity'.

The data source is: https://s3.us.cloud-object-storage.appdomain.cloud/cf-courses-data/CognitiveClass/DP0701EN/version-2/Data-Collisions.csv
...and the metadata: https://s3.us.cloud-object-storage.appdomain.cloud/cf-courses-data/CognitiveClass/DP0701EN/version-2/Metadata.pdf

The data range from 2004
The severity scale is 0 to 3 (3—fatality
                              2b—serious injury
                              2—injury
                              1—prop damage
                              0—unknown)...
...all the incidents of the dataset were either 'property damage'(1) or 'injury'(2) for the predictions of the model will be bound to this range.

The methodoly I used was the following: Because the Severity of the recorded collisions was only of category 1 and 2, I converted them into 0 and 1 so I could feed
a logistic regression model.

Furthermore, for variables that had some meaning but couldn't be fitted in the model, I analyzed them in a different way.
For example, I figured out what are the most common place in Seatle for an accident to happen. Or what time of the day is more likely an accident to happen. 
Knowing that, local government can instal sign in those areas or the model could have increased sensitivity during 'hot' hours.

The exogenous parameters fitted well in the model, and the model does a good job predicting when it is likely to have an accident of severity 1 (property damage).
On the other hand, the model does poorly predicting when it's going to be an accident of severity 2 (light injury).
